Add info for local publishing with tag (#683)
metafacture/metafacture-core: README.md

    ```bash
    $ ./gradlew publishToMavenLocal
    ```

>    In case you are building locally from a tag and you have no signing credentials you need to `touch .temp` before `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal` otherwise it will try to build a release and break due to missing signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In case you are building locally from a tag and you have no signing credentials you can use a workaround: just make sure to have an unclean status e.g. by doing `touch .temp` before doing `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Otherwise it will try to build a release and break due to missing signing.
```
